GDG DevFest Porto 2016 has been announced! The 2th edition of the biggest conference about Google technologies in Portugal will take on **December 3rd**.

That means that it is time to open [call for talk submissions](https://goo.gl/forms/NpjzukH1qzcK9ehh1). If you are passionate about your work and want to share your experience with the biggest tech audience in Portugal, you knocked on the right door.

**Last year DevFest broke all expectations** of the audience, speakers, and even our ones.


To keep up this year, we decided to focus on the content. **We’re looking for speakers like you**, who are ready to rock the stage and deliver the best talk or workshop in the field.
<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://goo.gl/forms/NpjzukH1qzcK9ehh1" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>

<br/>

### Why is it cool to be a speaker?

Well, do you know a better way to attend the conference? Here are our top 3 reasons to [submit a proposal](https://goo.gl/forms/NpjzukH1qzcK9ehh1).

1. **It is good for your career.** By being a speaker, you are proving your level of expertise to a potential business partners or employers.
2. **It is good for the company you’re working for.** Any presentation delivered by an employee adds credibility to a company’s public image.
3. **Unique networking.** Being a speaker means you’ll have unique chance to network with other speakers - the best experts in the industry.


<div class="quote-container">
  <div class="quote-photo" style="background-image: url('/2015/images/people/juarez_filho.jpg')"></div>
  <div class="quote-text-wrapper">
      <div class="quote-text">"It was a pleasure to join DevFest Porto 2015, such a top quality conference, tons of great talks and experiments combined with an amazing community. Stay informed of all news related to Technology and Google products/services attending DevFest Porto 2016, you won't regret this. Trust me!"</div>
      <div class="quote-author">Juarez Filho, DevFest '15 Speaker</div>
  </div>
</div>
<br/>

### Themes and topics – what do we expect?

Our team prepared set of interesting topics in but if you have any cool idea you want to share not from this list, feel free to submit it as well.

#### Android
* New features in Nougat
* Kotlin
* RxJava
* Data Binding
* Architecture best practices (MVP, MVVP, Clean Architecture)
* Testing (Automatic, ...)

#### Web
* Progressive Web Apps
* Polymer
* Service Workers
* Physical Web
* RAIL
* Testing (Automatic, ...)

#### Cloud
* Machine Learning (TensorFlow, Vision API, Speech API, etc.)
* Big Data (PubSub, BigQuery, Dataflow)
* Firebase
* Kubernetes

#### Anything else!
* If you thing it's interesting to share, **send it**.

<br/>

**Call for Papers will stay open until November 5th, 2016.** Don’t miss out :)

<div class="text-center">
<a href="https://goo.gl/forms/NpjzukH1qzcK9ehh1" target="_blank" class="style-scope header-content" style="color: white; ">
  <paper-button class="primary style-scope header-content x-scope paper-button-0" raised="" role="button" tabindex="0" animated="" aria-disabled="false" elevation="1">Submit a proposal</paper-button>
</a>
</div>
<br/>

**Please note:** There is no guarantee that a submission will be put onto the conference agenda! The program committee picks the most interesting talk proposals and informs the selected submitters until November 10th, 2016.

Any questions? Email organizers at [devfest@gdgporto.xyz](mailto:devfest@gdgporto.xyz)



